This is a head-gum original.
We've got Will Khan over on the show making his head-gum podcast debut.
We were talking about before we started recording, sorry, just so one second.
I feel like I need to make this show one of those things where it's like the guests don't talk until they introduce them.
You know what I mean?
Don't say, don't respond.
That's what I was just saying.
It's like let's give it some breathing room where it's just me for the spell.
Right?
Yeah, totally.
Will.
We've been all for a week.
The last time I was on camera on microphone, I got forced to host a 24-hour live stream without knowing about it beforehand.
And again, it's my will.
It's hailing outside.
Holy shit.
How are you feeling?
Yeah, how are you feeling?
Post that.
You take it paid.
Potentially the worst weekend it could have happened.
I was told that you guys reached out to my friends.
They said maybe you don't do it that weekend because this parents are in town.
And what they said you guys said was, oh, that's all right.
We already booked people.
So you didn't actually ask anybody.
You you planned it.
Then panic to thought maybe we should check to see if he has anything going on in his life.
And then they were like, he does have something happening.
And then on you was like, let's just do it anyways.
No, that's not exactly.
Oh, it went down.
It wasn't much, right?
It was originally.
It was pushed.
But that was because of not.
Of not.
Jay guy thing.
Yeah.
That was because of Jay.
We should say was only in it for 50 minutes.
Yeah.
He was seriously rescuing a cat.
He was.
Was that me?
I heard.
What is that me?
I'm sorry.
I didn't hear about that.
Yeah, we should ask when he gets back.
But then a mirror also had family in town.
But what happened was we had family in town.
His family lives in a scene.
You could see them any time.
So that was for the other came back for the end.
That that missed me off genuinely.
I'm sure that there were other people besides his parents, right?
But anyway, yeah, I mean, it would have been nice if they were available to come back.
They'll be back here on the show and you can really roast them for that.
Yeah.
It would have been obviously, you know.
That all that aside, it was a hit.
We raised $10,000 for charity, which is huge.
Yeah.
And I love to do it again.
I just like to know that it's happening.
Yeah.
Do you think we definitely want to do?
Money.
If it was no surprise.
I don't think so.
Oh, really?
People on the dough voice rabbit said otherwise.
They said that if we had marketed it better.
Yeah.
We could have raised more money.
So we couldn't market it well because we had to keep it a surprise.
Yeah.
But then some people came to our defense.
So, you know, classic, classic parasocial Reddit discussions.
We love to see them.
Yeah.
People were going off on the Jake and I'm here read it.
A little bit too hard in my defense.
Everything was fine.
I just wish it was a different weekend.
Yeah.
I paid hand some Lee.
I got a raise.
I got a massage.
That part was weird and feels illegal because it wasn't.
You guys said it was going to be a good card.
Casey reached out.
Apparently it's just going to be by his hand.
Casey.
Thanks.
No.
But could you imagine?
I need to do something nice.
Casey though, because he's the one.
Actually, you guys should do something nice for Casey.
Not me.
Why should I come out like three days off?
That's true.
Yeah.
I thought it was awesome.
I thought it was a hit.
I just wish I had known about it and it was on a different weekend.
I know about it, but it was on any other weekend.
It would have been stress free for me.
Thoughts definitely fair.
It would have.
I would have loved to have it beyond any other weekend and also.
I am glad it's not.
It wasn't on my birthday, which some people said it was going to be on my birthday.
Which that would have been fucked.
I would have left.
I don't know.
You should have.
Yeah.
It was a hit though.
I think.
It was a hit.
I made it down.
Sorry, well, one second.
Smash.
Sorry, one second for me.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, some technical difficulties.
So we actually don't have it.
YouTube didn't archive it.
We have parts of it that we saved ourselves during the time.
But we've been emailing back and forth with YouTube.
Did you archive half of it?
Are there any parts like around the parts that we saved that you have available?
And they're not being helpful.
Do we have, do we have the headgun podcast episode?
Uh, not in video.
I was recording audio on our end.
I assume on you as maybe as well.
Yeah.
She did.
That is tragic.
And I think we should release it as an audio episode.
We should.
That being said, the best part of it is that I had a baby on my lap.
Yeah.
At least this story could do like a, yeah.
We could do it a little like photo month.
Let's do that.
I'll edit that together.
I just, that was an episode.
I thought and I don't want to not release it.
And a lot of people in here.
Yeah.
Everybody.
That's true.
Uh, Micah, how the heck are you?
Great.
Dude.
Good.
Life is good.
Um, you're free to land.
Yes, extrapolate expand.
I haven't been drinking for like the last month.
And, uh, everything in my life is improved.
When?
Really?
When has it improved or when did I start?
Intervert that question as you must.
Well, I said I haven't been drinking for a month.
So I've been.
Then went, okay.
So you, it's been a month.
Yeah.
When did things start to improve?
I think after like a week.
Okay.
And that's you being honest?
Yeah.
Anyway.
That's cool.
I.
Yeah.
I just, I don't drink that often.
So I wish that I.
Sorry.
I.
I've never been a loser for that.
Yeah.
When I did this.
You've definitely done it.
Right.
For sure.
But when I, yeah, when I go for long spells of not having a beverage,
I don't feel any different, which sucks.
I feel like I should be like at my peak.
Yeah.
You drink responsibly.
So you just have that.
Yeah.
Already.
Hmm.
So you're kind of just like hitting the baseline.
Well, what are your vices?
Vice.
Alcohol.
Women.
No.
Okay.
Do you say lunch?
Yeah.
Lunch is a vise.
I think that's a meal you have to eat every day.
You don't have to.
You have breakfast and dinner.
That's pretty much okay.
But on a good day, all the little lunch.
I went home.
And it's been all my life.
That's an instant out of context.
I think you'll like trying to say as far away as possible.
But you drag me.
Where do you learn and ask?
Yeah.
Like you live in like Connecticut or something.
Nice.
No, Chicago.
Okay.
Oh.
Damn.
Chicago.
Yeah.
I mean, my.
What they call the three season room.
And I'm using it all four.
It.
Yeah.
That is nice.
Yes.
Yeah.
That's cool.
Thanks.
I actually saw a bunch of headgum people at the headgum live in Chicago.
It was the weekend I graduated from college.
Oh.
It was graduation.
Don't live in Chicago.
Wow.
Yeah.
But you had fun, right?
I mean, it's good.
I mean, the show.
Oh.
But the graduation was actually.
The ceremony was in the hotel.
I don't know where he stayed.
Yeah.
So I like that's the rose.
The sauce.
Yeah.
I got it.
I saw the Rosenberg's while I was in full cap and gown.
And you got the innovation fan.
I had to say.
What's up?
Yeah.
But.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I kind of haven't been dead against cap and gowns because it hides my thigh
and cap and frowns.
So people don't know that I'm pissed and sort of not eating enough.
Yeah.
It sounds like I'm more like a cap.
Like the cap's not really good.
That's not bad.
No.
The cap hides my frown.
It comes down.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah.
Um.
On the week.
I'm nominating Daniel Radcliffe.
Yeah.
And then it could be James wand.
Oh, James wand.
Daniel Radcliffe.
Yeah.
As James wand.
Because of the spells.
What do you mean?
Yeah.
Like Harry Potter.
Left guardian.
Let me ask.
How's it really good?
Yeah.
Maria, who do you got?
My bond is going to be Ariana Dibos.
What was that?
Because Angela Bassett did the thing.
And viola Davis is my woman king.
Michael, what's wrong?
What's wrong?
You mean pensioners.
Who's your brother the week?
Let's hear it.
Theo James.
Yeah.
It's been lobbed up a while.
I think we made from divergent.
Yeah.
Somebody already mentioned it.
I think Jake mentioned him and a mirror mentioned him.
If Jake mentioned him, it's because I said it to Jake.
Mm.
He took that.
And I believe it.
I still look for me.
Um.
I'll take that.
Yeah.
Is he a Brit?
Yes.
Can I have a new pick?
Yeah.
I think it should be like a complete unknown.
That's for you.
Like who?
Someone we don't know yet.
Nobody.
I think it should be a complete unknown.
Like who is a parent.
I don't know.
Who's like a British curse?
What a great heart.
Yeah.
That she'd be great.
She'd be great.
Who do you got?
Do you know about the segment?
Yeah.
Every week until the next James Bond is cast.
We're going to lob up our pick for W7.
Yeah.
I do a little research.
Alex Murdoch.
Famous Murdoch.
He's a Murdoch.
Oh my gosh.
License to kill.
There he goes.
All right.
That's that dumb ass segment.
Barbara Brockley.
Get on your shit.
Stop doing this.
It's obviously Renée Jean-Page or whatever his name is.
All right.
A recent slate-opped title read.
My ex wants us to vacation.
Like one big happy family.
No thanks.
Would you guys for real like for real?
Would you guys vacation with an ex?
Where are we going?
May you orca?
Yeah.
I think it would depend why we broke up.
Okay.
Let's say irreconcilable difference.
Is it just you and the ex or the other people?
Well, it's there.
This article was talking about, you know,
ex wives, ex husbands, ex spouses,
where there's kids involved.
Obviously none of us have kids, right?
So in our lives, would you vacation with an ex?
And you can set up, you know, the scenario yourself.
I think in my head, it would be like a group trip where, you know,
you might have to like Sam shackle up with the ex though in a room.
What's funny about that will?
Sam shackle.
Coerker of ours.
To be honest, this part just like know that.
I honestly, yes, because she has been on one time.
You do use that a lot.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Every time I broke it up with someone,
it's felt like the shackles have come off.
Yeah.
Is it a double room?
Yeah, there's two beds.
Uh-huh.
I feel fine with it.
Yeah, but that's because you have had healthy relationships
that have ended mutually.
Like what you got.
I don't think I'd do it.
Yeah.
America.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, sure.
Okay.
See, see, do void people on a vacation?
Yeah, but what if it's air in the room?
What if it's eight people?
Yeah.
Are you able to ease here?
Really?
Okay, then let's change it.
What if it's truly just the two of you,
but you guys have like the trip of a lifetime planned?
That's kind of fun.
That's like a fun little movie-fan-fix scenario, right?
Yeah.
X-pray love.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
That's good.
We should write this.
Great.
No.
Why not?
Okay.
Okay, so obviously we would all do it with the X of ours
that's like we're most amicable with.
What about like your least favorite X?
Well.
You really think I got like a roster.
Like a high-end-off list.
Yeah.
It does have to be like long-term relationships.
I don't know.
I would say I would do with any of my X's.
As long as ground rules were established up front.
Okay, let's say there are no ground rules.
No rules?
Up front, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
It's least favorite X.
Opportunities a trip of a lifetime.
No rules.
Yeah.
I think I'm still in.
You got that trip of a lifetime.
Or am I also?
Am I paying for that?
You're paying for them?
Why is it possible?
It's a terrible deal.
No, this is all expense paid.
I'm there.
Yeah.
You got it.
But then it's like, are you got, yeah.
Are you going to, yeah.
Are we just moving on?
Are we going to ask?
I'm just thinking, like, during the lifetime.
You might want to have like an Italian fling.
You know, but you can't, it's kind of awkward because, you know,
go to the room.
That's true.
And it's, you know, it's, you're probably in a place where, like,
you don't care what your X does in vice versa.
Right.
Yeah.
I'm starting to get on board with the whole idea.
Because I was going to say no chance.
Ed Sheeran announces new album.
Dash.
The album's called Dash.
I think it's called something.
It's actually because the pull quote is,
it's opening the trap door into my soul.
Sheeran said of the last installment
in his decade-long mathematical album era.
Oh.
Because he had the division sign.
Right.
Yeah.
So this is, oh, you know what?
No, this is called subtract.
Yeah.
It's like he's getting trapped door to his soul.
Like he's a theater.
Like he's a stage.
It's like it's mostly taken place on a stage.
You know what I mean?
Tracks.
Yeah.
That's a track.
I keep getting, um.
I keep getting TikToks of people
line dancing to the song,
Shiver by Ed Sheeran.
Which one is that?
Because all of his songs kind of make me shiver.
Yeah.
Like, of course.
I don't know the lyrics.
It's like.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Oh.
This makes you want to line dance.
He's somebody who I think doesn't have the look or the sound
or the talent or the, yeah.
Like all he has is the success that he somehow got.
And so now like people like him because he's had the success.
But before he had the success,
I don't know where he went from zero to hero,
because he doesn't have any of the traits of one.
Does that make sense?
You don't think he has talent.
I think he looks different from what you'd expect him to look like with his voice.
He doesn't look like a star.
Right.
That's true.
Yes.
You kind of shallow, Jeff.
You look like a frog.
Yeah.
You know.
He spent a little too much time at the Guinness Factory.
Was he pre or post one direction?
Could that have influenced his song?
I think during.
Yeah.
I think it was a Brit wave.
We do have to move on.
I'm sorry.
Selena Gomez only smiles in the building.
Despite Mean Girls drama.
Have you guys heard about this?
Yeah.
So the internet.
Oh, you have?
Yeah.
We got one.
I have that.
And I'd like to know.
The internet thinks Selena Gomez has been in a Mean Girls Tiff
with Hailey Bieber and Kylie Jenner.
Causing her to temporarily shut down not only her social media,
but also her, you know, her whole deal.
But it doesn't seem to have affected her mood in real life.
Because she was seen posing with fans,
off the set of, you know,
the Hulu show she's on.
Only murderers in the building.
TMZ says she looks pretty radiant.
It's a blessing.
This is a TMZ article.
What happened was Selena Gomez posted a TikTok being like,
like, I accidentally got my eyebrows threaded.
And she looks pretty good.
And so then Hailey Bieber and Kylie Jenner both posted,
like the next day being like, this was an act.
You really poke yourself on.
Yeah.
Shit.
Uh, we got to take a break.
Shit ass.
Why are you keeping the one that you pokes open?
This show is brought to you by better help.
Guys, getting to know yourself as a lifelong process,
right? You're not the same person that you were a year ago.
You're not going to be the same person you are today,
a year from now, right?
Especially because we're always growing and changing.
Circumstances change, right?
Uh, you meet new people.
You form friendships that change you.
You get into relationships where you're forced to grow.
And then you become a different version of yourself.
But therapy is about deepening yourself awareness and
understanding so you become the best version of yourself.
Because sometimes we don't know what we want.
Or why we react the way we do until we talk things through.
Right?
And better help is here to help with exactly that.
Because better help connects you with a licensed therapist who can take you on that journey
of self discovery from wherever you are to wherever you want to go.
Uh, I'm in therapy every week.
Uh, it is a huge help.
Um, especially in times of stress,
especially in times of growth, which honestly oftentimes can feel the same.
So it's just nice to have an objective perspective.
Uh, and that's where better help comes in.
You're thinking of starting therapy.
Give better help a try.
It's entirely online.
It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch
therapist at any time for no additional charge, right?
Discover your potential with better help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's better help.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
For people listening on audio only,
Jeff was describing eyebrow threading and inadvertently
poked himself in the eye while it was doing it.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's your audio question real quick, Marika?
Yeah.
Um, is this, are we using the zoom audio for the recording?
He usually just uses it.
We usually send separate tracks,
but we can use the zoom audio if.
Necessary.
And can I use a microphone?
Kind of record into a microphone on a day.
Again, and we're back.
We still have a lot to do.
Uh.
All right, you know what, here we go.
Holy shit.
It's a second.
We've been a couple weeks since we've had it.
Proper segments together.
Yeah, it's here.
Uh, welcome to Serena Irvingus Williams edition.
So I'm going to read out a couple quotes.
Uh, and you guys are going to attribute it to either Serena or Venus Williams.
Are you ready?
We haven't done this before.
We have not.
Do we do Serena or something else?
Uh, maybe.
But probably not.
I think, because a lot of these Serena quotes were pretty new to me, at least.
Uh.
All right, here we go.
I spent my whole life playing sports and training and pushing myself to the limits.
We go Serena.
We go Venus.
Marika was correct.
Micah was incorrect.
That was going to be Venus.
And we'll say that.
Thank you.
Well, Venus was perfect.
A V.
Um, I don't like to lose at anything yet.
I've grown most not from victories, but from setbacks.
Serena.
That's correct.
Life is challenging.
But I'm always up for a challenge.
Is that Venus Williams or Serena?
Okay.
That was correct.
That was Venus.
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does.
Serena.
Correct.
Because we're good at this.
Victory is very, very sweet.
It tastes better than any dessert you've ever had.
Venus.
Actually, that's incorrect.
Yeah.
It was going to say Serena.
That's Serena.
And you know, because Serena is slightly better.
I've developed a karaoke habit.
I've become a coroner.
Serena.
Venus.
That was Serena.
No one likes getting their nails done more than I do.
Venus.
That was Serena if you can believe it.
Interior design is a business of trust.
That's got to be Serena.
Serena.
Who?
Venus has more time on her hands.
She's the old eldest sister.
Is she really?
What's that?
It's Venus the oldest.
I don't care.
None of this fucking matters.
I'm just trying to make money.
Serena.
I had skate wing in London.
I had mine grilled with lemon and herbs.
And it was the perfect seasoning for that fish.
Venus.
It's Venus.
It's what context?
I don't know.
I just, these are all, you know.
They're all good.
Inspirational sports quotes.
To this day, I don't love my arms.
Venus.
That was Serena.
Serena is great arms.
That was Venus of Serena Williams edition.
Can you guys guess the 18 best bakeries in Paris?
I can guess one of them.
All right.
Like Razoron?
Is that...
Say it one more time?
Like Razoron?
What is it?
No.
So with what?
Razoron.
It's not on this list, but I won't give it to you.
You seem to know what you're talking about.
Wow.
My mom?
That's a bakery in Green Point.
So nice.
Let's bet this out of here.
That's absolutely correct.
Oh my god, probably.
What, can you not look at the list?
What did you say?
Lama is wrong.
What?
What did he say?
Bontem patissari?
Le patissari?
Yeah.
It was a long time.
That was a theory.
That's what you know what he's saying.
He met that one.
So that's absolutely correct for Micah.
Well, I haven't really...
Much out of you since we started talking about Paris.
I don't know if you're against Gaperie, but let's hear it.
What about something like Doopary?
Like Le Poisson Doopary?
And Le Fincher?
What about the air?
Well, if you were to Chicago, right?
So that would be like saying, oh, the best hotdog place in Chicago is of Chicago.
So that's anything.
Or some Chicago.
You know what I mean?
Sure.
Some.
Yeah.
Do we seriously not know any more of these?
You guys are on the court this morning.
Let's just fuck you.
Gatto.
No, now you're on the exact same list, but I'll give it to you.
All right.
Here we go.
And this is the cake.
I said, here we go.
We'll steam fucking ahead.
Welcome to a segment I like to call Chat JFPT.
So I don't think AI is worth a damn to be honest with you.
You know, I feel like we're already using it to what we should use it to and anything further.
It's probably bad for not only humanity, but our sanity as humans.
And those two things are different.
What do you guys thought that day?
You think we should continue until it kills us?
Yes.
What?
Do you think we could stop it?
Do you think there's any way to stop it?
Yes.
Just shut it all off and plug the computer.
I think what we have right now won't kill us.
And so that's a good place to stop because it's still helping us.
But that's about all we need.
I just don't think they're going to stop.
I think you have to give him a good reason.
Who's there, scientists?
Chat JFPT.
So Chat JFPT is my way.
And we might continue checking in as Chat JPT evolves.
But let's do this.
So this is a segment called Chat JFPT where you guys are going to give me and Chat JFPT a prompt.
I'm going to type it into Chat JFPT.
And then it's going to do its thing and I'm going to do my thing.
Then I'm going to read what it said and I'm going to recite what I think.
And you guys are going to tell me which one you like better.
Okay.
Easy.
Really?
What kind of prompt?
It could be anything.
I'm going to pull them about how, you know,
I don't know.
Write a poem about how...
It's so far, so good.
Write a poem about soju or something.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Right.
The chorus of a blue song about Winnie the Pooh.
Write the chorus to a blue song about Winnie the Pooh?
Yes.
You'd hope not you are.
That's open to interpretation.
Sorry to give a hint to Chat JFPT.
All right.
Write the chorus to a blue song about...
We need the Pooh.
So I'm going to do mine first just so I'm not inspired even partially by what's in front of me.
Right.
I'm bad to the shirt.
I only wear shirts.
Don't need to wear shorts.
That's mine.
There's Chat JPT.
Oh, Winnie the Pooh.
You're a bluesy kind of bear.
With your honey pot and your happy go lucky air.
You may not have a dollar but you don't seem to care.
Oh, Winnie the Pooh.
You're a bluesy kind of bear.
I kind of like...
You may not have a dollar.
But you don't seem to care.
But I also like...
No shorts.
Yeah.
You're just a good job.
I like that better.
Humanity wins round one.
Holy shit.
All right.
Let's get one from Will.
What do you want...
What do you want to prompt both of us to do?
Uh, can I get a...
A grocery list to make a stir fried dinner?
Okay.
Can I get a grocery list to make a stir fried dinner?
All right.
So what you're going to want is um...
White rice?
Um...
Soy sauce.
Uh...
Organic chicken breast.
Let's be healthy.
It's a weak night meal I'm thinking.
Um...
Broccoli florets.
Fresh garlic.
Uh...
Garlic powder because you have to use both.
And...
Um...
Let's get a little bit of sesame oil in there.
And...
Some...
Some yellow onions.
Delicious.
We're going to make a simple, healthy stir fried here.
So you're...
That's the grocery list.
And you can kind of...
I don't...
I don't need to tell you how to make it.
That feels like you get what the thing is.
This says...
Uh...
One onion, two cloves of garlic.
One red bell pepper.
One yellow bell pepper.
One cup snow peas.
One cup sliced mushrooms.
Mushrooms.
Two carrots.
Broccoli crown.
One pound boneless skinless chicken breast.
Or one found peeled and devane shrimp.
One tablespoon soy sauce.
Two tablespoons vegetable.
One tablespoon cornstarch.
Half a tablespoon of salt.
One quarter teaspoon pepper.
One quarter teaspoon red pepper flakes.
And two cups of cooked rice.
And also as a suggestion.
It is going back and forth between shopping list and recipe.
Because you can't buy a tablespoon of any of those.
Exactly.
Yeah.
You asked for a grocery list.
And one of these...
I didn't even break these up into categories.
Their categories are produce.
Which is a grocery list.
And then staples.
Which is measurements of stuff you already probably have at home.
That's not a grocery list, I would say.
That is a recipe.
Yeah, but it's not like...
And I liked the option of I could go shrimp.
Yeah.
That's where I started to be like...
And I didn't really...
I really...
Option.
They added the cornstarch, which is crucial for a thicker sauce.
That's true.
Humanity loses.
Yeah.
You can't just decide that.
Because I forgot what that's fine.
God damn it.
All right.
Let's do...
How much time do we have?
Let's do a couple more.
Michael, what do you got?
Right me a list of five activities to do in Los Angeles.
I might have a leg up on chatGPD here.
Here we go.
ChatGFBT.
Five activities to do in Los Angeles.
I'm going to say the wisdom tree hike.
It's in the Hollywood Hills.
It's a medium-strenuous hike.
But not too long.
So you got a nice workout in in 30 minutes.
And you're right up against this cool tree.
That's kind of famous called the Wisdom Tree.
And you can see downtown Los Angeles in all the way to the ocean.
I'm going to say, you got to go to Salazar.
That's my favorite restaurant in Los Angeles.
Outdoor tacos.
Made on a mosquito grill.
It can accommodate any dietary restriction, including gluten-free, including vegan.
But also you can get all the meat, your heart desires.
And you can have as much flour as you can stomach.
I'm going to say, let's go to the Highland Park Bowl.
That's go to the Highland Park Bowl.
One of the oldest bowling hours in the United States.
And also on your way, you're going to be on the oldest freeway ever.
Which I think is kind of interesting.
And it's cool because you can get, it's like a bar with that also has these cool bowling lanes.
What else are we going to want?
Let's go with staircase beach in Malibu.
It's the best surfing Southern California has to offer.
It also is just a dog beach and a nice beach to go to that other people aren't going to be at.
You walk down a natural cliffside staircase that's not man made as far as I know.
It's just you walk down these little things that like stroll you down to the beach.
Then you're, there's privacy because there's this bluff.
It's on the north end of Malibu.
So there's just not that many people.
And it is the best surfing.
The best place to learn how to surf.
And even if you're good at surfing, it's just really fun thick rolling waves.
How many is that for?
That's for.
Let's do one more.
I'm going to say, what's my favorite ball?
You got to go to TQT.
The one of the oldest bars in Los Angeles.
It's this tiny TQ bar.
You got to get there around 5 p.m.
If you want to be able to have a table.
But it's just, you know, classic TQ drinks in a classic LA setting.
All right, here we go.
Here's chat, GPT.
They're not going to fucking know.
They're going to say the Hollywood sign, right?
Oh, here we go.
This sucks already.
They're saying, number one, visit the Griffith Observatory.
Nice.
If you like crowds, hot exposed things without tree cover.
And a worst view than the wisdom tree hike.
Yeah, why don't you go to the Griffith Observatory?
Walk along the Venice Beach Boardwalk.
Yeah, sure.
If you want to go to a more crowded touristy polluted version of staircase beach without any
height or differential or privacy or dogs mind you.
Yeah, I'll go to the Venice Beach Boardwalk.
Take a tour of the Getty Center.
I'll give them that.
That's cool.
That's a good art museum.
Yeah.
Visit Lackmont.
I'll give them that.
But you have two museums on there.
So that might be not a varied enough list.
And then they're saying go to Universal Studios Hollywood.
I don't think so.
I actually think Universal Studios is more fun to go to as a local.
Not as someone you're visiting.
Who's visiting LA?
Sorry.
I don't even realize.
What's that?
What does that mean?
I think it's fun and novel to go to Universal Studios City Walk if you live here.
But if you're in LA visiting, like, it's not worth it.
Yeah.
For Mario?
What's that?
If I'm visiting a Shenzhi Mario?
All right.
Well, it doesn't get about this round.
I think Jeff Jeff.
Yeah.
Jeff.
Do you want to do wins again?
All right.
Let's do one more.
Right?
Me a list of things to accomplish before you're 30.
How many things?
Four.
All right.
Um.
Fall in love.
Uh.
Find the perfect pair of jeans.
Try a physically challenging activity that you've wanted to try and learn an instrument.
Yeah.
Chat GPT says establish a savings plan.
Setting up a savings plan before you turn 30 can help you achieve your financial goals.
Travel to a new place.
Traveling can broaden your horizons.
Expose you to new cultures and experience.
Pursuit personal passion or hobby.
Whether it's painting writing photography or a sport.
Pursuing a personal passion or hobby can provide a sense of fulfillment.
Establish a healthy lifestyle.
Establishing a healthy habit before you turn 30 can set you up for a lifetime of good health.
I think I got to give it to you.
It's a tough choice.
The jeans was so big.
Yeah.
That's not really an answer.
I'm kind of like torn because I kind of.
I would go with neither but.
I think if I could have all of those things on either list before turning 30, the chat,
GPT one would be more practical.
Yeah.
But I think if I was like getting a card from a friend, I was like, do all these things before your 30,
it would be funnier to read what you suggested.
Before you're off.
I'm here for a share.
Well, you're the tiebreaker.
So far we have neither and one for chat GPT, I think.
I think I'm going to keep it a tie.
I have a chat.
I think I'm going to love his two good.
Come on.
Everybody here.
Give it to me.
I've never done a good thing.
We've got to wrap shit up.
Plugs.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point to people to the floor is yours?
I'll start just so I can get all my energy out.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram.
At Jeff Boyardy on Twitter.
And I guess that's it.
If you're, yeah.
That's it.
Oh, head game videos.
Headgum.com slash.
Sorry.
YouTube.com slash headgum.
And I think we have a headgum happy or coming up in a couple of weeks.
But we don't have a day for you.
Yeah.
So headgum happy hour.
March 30th in New York City.
At caveat.
And then in May.
In Los Angeles.
Also.
The pit wall is back for season two.
Audio only because we're now releasing episodes every week.
In theory, Jeff is on the podcast.
Jake will be back from Australia.
The whole crew talking about drive to survive.
The races may be some movies.
It'll be great.
So listen to that.
And then follow me on Twitter and Instagram and letter box.
At Marie Gaylon.
Really trying to get those letter boxed followers up.
Really want to get over a thousand.
It'll be great.
It'll be fun.
Con over.
I'm trying to get on the circle.
You know the Netflix show.
Michael.
If you know anybody.
If there's any connects out in the audience.
They shoot in the UK.
And I would be away from work from a little.
I don't think that would be a problem.
I definitely would.
I like to imagine you're like audition tape for the circle.
It has a lot of like verbal typos like that.
Okay.
That would be really fun if you're on the circle.
I think you do a good job.
Would you do a fish?
Yeah.
I was going to say would you catfish or not?
It's a great question.
I would be on my way.
Yeah.
I would play a fire.
You don't want to get into it.
I think you're so sexy.
That you should just go totally honest up front.
And people might think that you're trying to catfish.
Those people do really well.
And I really hate watching them.
So it's a divide.
But if people think you're trying to catfish.
They might try to kick you out.
So I feel like you got to go.
You can't be your full self.
I forgot what the objective of that show was.
Michael, what do you got?
We got to get the hell out of here.
Oh yeah.
Subscribe to my mom's sub-stack.
Sub-stack.loreherwits.com.
Or it might be loreherwits.sub-stack.
That's sub-stack.
Yeah.
And we'll see you guys again next week.
We'll we'd love to have you on a good soon.
You killed it.
I'll jump back.
Michael, email you my notes.
And Maria, I think Mike is now the time to tell her that she's fired.
You should.
Oh, can I ask you about this dinner reservation that you made under my email address in your name for a restaurant in LA?
That's in two days.
You may not.
That was a hit dumb original.